hi they're looking for steps to animate
text in a Microsoft PowerPoint 2003
presentation on your Windows XP base PC
well I'm here to help you do just that
and I yogi our motto is to help you and
your technology get along with each
other now you can turn your boring
PowerPoint presentation into an
entertaining one by simply adding some
special effects you can add animation
effects to the text and change the way
it appears on the screen so here's how
you can animate text in a PowerPoint
presentation on your PC
follow me open PowerPoint presentation
on your slide select the text box that
you will be modifying then choose custom
animation from the drop-down list
under a slideshow on the top menu bar an
area will open up on the right hand side
of the window add an effect by clicking
the add effect button you will have
several choices to make about how you
want the text to behave slide your
cursor to entrance emphasis exit and
motion path to change the text change
how the text first appears on the slide
with the entrance option and how it
disappears of the slide with exit the
emphasis option will change the
appearance of the text and motion paths
is the direction the text will move as
it enters and exits modify the text
transition on the page by changing how
it starts in the direction and the speed
from the drop-down menus below the add
effects button hit the play button to
preview your animation effect choices
each text box has an assigned number so
that you can easily find each box if you
need to make changes so you
by following the simplified steps shown
in this video you can easily animate
text in a Microsoft PowerPoint 2003
presentation on your Windows XP based PC
with complete ease don't you just love
technology and I yogi we're always here
to help you get more out of your PC
along with its related software and
programs if you have questions on
antivirus security protection or on how
to work your other devices with your PC
such as syncing your printer mp3 player
camera or router etc just give us a call
we'd be delighted to help go ahead have
fun with your PC good karma